DataGrid: add Filtering Columns Bound to Collection section (#5260)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/30 Filtering and Searching/6 API/5 Filtering Columns Bound to Collection/20 Server-Side Filtering.md

> In the code below, you can see how to bind DataGrid to the [OData service](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Source_Examples/#OData) and enable remote filtering. To make this solution work, your OData service should support the **Any** filtering operator (see [Support for Any and All](https://www.odata.org/blog/support-for-any-and-all/)). Also, this concept described at the [Azure: OData Collection Operators](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-query-odata-collection-operators) topic. 

Reviewer: In the code below -- it's a clause, which adds a break, a comma at the beginning of the sentence. Do we really need it here? There's almost always a way to rephrase the beginning without a clause. And, as with the previous occurrence, it's a quite easy task to accomplish.

Second. You use articles with "DataGrid" inconsistently. You should either use a definite article with DataGrid everywhere or nowhere. The choice is yours, for both options are valid.

Third. A solution can be described in a topic, not at a topic. Moreover, if a reference encompasses more than one word -- we should move it to the very end of a sentence to simplify the grammatical structure, and, therefore, the overall text perception.

P.S. The bracketed "see" looks acceptable though.

```suggestion
The following code example demonstrates how to bind the DataGrid to the [OData service](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Source_Examples/#OData) and enable remote filtering. To make this solution work, make sure that your OData service supports the **Any** filtering operator (see [Support for Any and All](https://www.odata.org/blog/support-for-any-and-all/)). This concept is also described in the following topic: [Azure: OData Collection Operators](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-query-odata-collection-operators).
```

                return res.join(', ');
            }
        }
    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React from 'react';

    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import DataGrid, {
        Column, 
    } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';

    const calculateFilterExpression = (filterValue, selectedFilterOperation, target) => {
        return [
            [new DevExpress.data.EdmLiteral("Products/any(o: substringof('" + filterValue + "',o/ProductName) eq true)"), "=", true]
        ];
    }

    const calculateCellValue = (data) => {
        var res = [];
        for (var i = 0; i < data.Products.length; i++)
            res.push(data.Products[i].ProductName);
        return res.join(', ');
    }

    export default function App() { 
        return (
            <DataGrid ... >
                // ...
                <Column
                    dataField="Products"
                    dataType="string"
                    calculateFilterExpression={calculateFilterExpression}
                    calculateCellValue={calculateCellValue}
                />
            </DataGrid>
        );
    }

---

> You need to specify the [calculateFilterExpression](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#calculateFilterExpression) property and put the `"Products/any(o: substringof("filterValue",o/ProductName) eq true)"` expression to the [EdmLiteral](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/EdmLiteral/) method. Also, handle the [calculateCellValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#calculateCellValue) property and create a comma-separated string from ProductNames. This string will be displayed in column cells.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "put the X expression to the Y method"? Pass the expression to the method, am I right?

Second. This "also" does not make a proper connection between two sentences in this paragraph.

```suggestion
You need to specify the [calculateFilterExpression](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#calculateFilterExpression) property and pass the `"Products/any(o: substringof("filterValue",o/ProductName) eq true)"` expression to the [EdmLiteral](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/EdmLiteral/) method. In addition, you need to handle the [calculateCellValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#calculateCellValue) property and create a comma-separated string from ProductNames. This string will be displayed in column cells.
```

> The DataGrid sends a filter expression to the backend and expects relevant data as a result. The solution for filtering depends on the backend type. However, a common requirement is that the backend should supply the corresponding filtering operation.

Reviewer: > However, a common requirement is that the backend should **supply** the corresponding filtering operation.

Could you please clarify what do you mean by "supply" here? Right now, "supply" looks like a cheap replacement for "provide".

That's my current take on this sentence. Feel free to clarify should I misinterpret something...

```suggestion
The DataGrid sends a filter expression to the backend and expects relevant data as a result. The solution for filtering depends on the backend type. However, a common requirement is that the backend should implement the corresponding filtering operation.
```

Author: In this case, "supply" is equal to "support", but using "implement" is also correct.

Reviewer: OK, I see.
